  The reason that I decided to do a project on drunk driving, is because the problem is not addressed properly.
Many of my friends do not understand that serious effects that it could have, no only on themselves, but with
other people. While I was in high school, there were many lectures that talked about drunk driving, and the
outcomes that can come with it. None of that correlates to a majority of students, so I thought a better way
to present this issue was through an interactive quiz, and a visual of the amount of fatalities that occur
as a result of drunk driving. Personally I'd rather view something more visually than another person just telling
me not to do something. Not only does drunk driving affect my friends, but it affects everyone I know. Anyone
could get into a car while intoxicated and kill someone I know. It has already happened to so many others, and I
wanted the problem to be more widely known. When I started this project, I had a tough time to get it started. I
first wanted to get the visual for the code started, so that is what i started first. Prior to what I have my code
now, I was going based off of print statements exclusively which was making my code dry and very basic. Through the
range method, is where I was able to get the best results for the amount of skull emojis that I wanted to print, as
well as the cars. I thought to print 10,000 skulls was a little too much so I thought it would be better to say that
each skull or car represents 1,000 people so that the visual is not cluttered with 50,000 skulls and cars. Then came
the part to make the quiz. From a data filled PDF with tons of information on drunk driving through out the United
States, I decided that is where a chunk of the data for the quiz is going to come from. From the information that I
was able to gather from the PDF, I wanted the quiz to be an insight on information that everyone should know before
they decide to get in a car before driving. With some as common knowledge, to things that caught me by surprise, the
quiz was first made out of 5 questions, but then it was expanded to 10. The code, just like the visual, was very basic
to begin with. Lots of if statements throughout the code which made the code very very dry. Then the thought of using
lists seems more of a clean and organized way to write the code. I was able to create a class surrounding the whole drunk
driving questions and answers with an __init__ function. Then I had to make a quiz function so that the questions and answers
could be run through a for loop to keep the quiz going. The if statement with the score was important so that people could
know if they were able to pass the test or not which is what I wanted for someone to get out of the quiz itself.
